The Silence of the Lambs (1991) - FBI agent Clarice Starling seeks the help of Hannibal Lecter to catch another serial killer. Platform: HBO Max, Amazon Prime Video.
Get Out (2017) - A young African-American man uncovers shocking secrets when he meets his white girlfriend's family. Platform: Netflix, Peacock, Hulu.
A Quiet Place (2018) - A family must live in silence to avoid blind monsters with acute hearing. Platform: Paramount+, Amazon Prime Video.
Hereditary (2018) - A family unravels terrifying secrets after the death of their secretive grandmother. Platform: Amazon Prime Video, Hulu.
The Conjuring (2013) - Paranormal investigators Ed and Lorraine Warren work to help a family terrorized by a dark presence. Platform: HBO Max, Amazon Prime Video.
Bird Box (2018) - A mother and her two children make it through a post-apocalyptic world blindfolded to avoid supernatural entities. Platform: Netflix.
It Follows (2014) - A young woman is pursued by a supernatural entity after a sexual encounter. Platform: Netflix.
Us (2019) - A family is terrorized by their doppelgängers during a vacation. Platform: HBO Max, Amazon Prime Video.
Sinister (2012) - A true-crime writer discovers horrifying home movies that put his family in danger. Platform: Amazon Prime Video.
The Babadook (2014) - A single mother battles with her son's fear of a monster lurking in the house. Platform: Amazon Prime Video, Shudder.
Midsommar (2019) - A couple's trip to a rural Swedish festival turns into a harrowing nightmare. Platform: Amazon Prime Video, Hulu.
The Witch (2015) - A family in 1630s New England is torn apart by the forces of witchcraft, black magic, and possession. Platform: Amazon Prime Video.
Annihilation (2018) - A biologist signs up for a dangerous, secret expedition into a mysterious zone where the laws of nature don't apply. Platform: Paramount+, Amazon Prime Video.
Don't Breathe (2016) - A group of friends break into a blind man's house, but he isn't as helpless as he seems. Platform: Amazon Prime Video.
The Invisible Man (2020) - A woman believes she is being hunted by her abusive ex-boyfriend who has found a way to become invisible. Platform: HBO Max, Amazon Prime Video.
Gerald's Game (2017) - A woman must confront long-buried demons after being left handcuffed to a bed in an isolated cabin. Platform: Netflix.
Doctor Sleep (2019) - Years after the events of "The Shining," an older Danny Torrance meets a young girl with similar abilities. Platform: HBO Max, Amazon Prime Video.
Insidious (2010) - A family looks to prevent evil spirits from trapping their comatose child in a realm called The Further. Platform: Netflix, Amazon Prime Video.
The Ring (2002) - A journalist must investigate a mysterious videotape which seems to cause the death of anyone in a week of viewing it. Platform: Netflix, Amazon Prime Video.
Paranormal Activity (2007) - A couple becomes increasingly disturbed by a nightly demonic presence. Platform: Amazon Prime Video.
28 Days Later (2002) - Four weeks after a mysterious, incurable virus spreads throughout the UK, a handful of survivors try to find sanctuary. Platform: Amazon Prime Video, Hulu.
The Others (2001) - A woman who lives in a darkened old house with her two photosensitive children becomes convinced that her family home is haunted. Platform: Amazon Prime Video.
The Cabin in the Woods (2012) - Five friends go to a remote cabin, where they get more than they bargained for. Platform: Amazon Prime Video.
Hostel (2005) - Three backpackers head to a Slovak city that promises to meet their hedonistic expectations, with no idea of the hell that awaits them. Platform: Amazon Prime Video.
The Descent (2005) - A caving expedition goes horribly wrong as the explorers become trapped and pursued by a strange breed of predators. Platform: Amazon Prime Video.
The Sixth Sense (1999) - A boy who communicates with spirits seeks the help of a disheartened child psychologist. Platform: Amazon Prime Video.
1408 (2007) - A man who specializes in debunking paranormal occurrences checks into the fabled room 1408 in the Dolphin Hotel. Soon after settling in, he confronts genuine terror. Platform: Amazon Prime Video.
Carrie (1976) - A shy girl, outcast by her peers and sheltered by her religious mother, unleashes telekinetic terror on her small town after being pushed too far at her senior prom. Platform: Amazon Prime Video.
The Shining (1980) - A family heads to an isolated hotel for the winter where a sinister presence influences the father into violence. Platform: HBO Max, Amazon Prime Video.
Halloween (1978) - Fifteen years after murdering his sister on Halloween night 1963, Michael Myers escapes from a mental hospital and returns to the small town of Haddonfield to kill again. Platform: Amazon Prime Video.